hello this is stampylongnose and welcome
to a minecraft let's play video because
I'm very different for you here as you
can see I'm here joined by sky as you
might assume you guys stay here do you
ever notice that like just tons of
white dirt why can't they be like
diamonds so you feel better about
yourself no it's not gonna be anything
special right let's build wooden stuff
and doing some of the basic obvious
stuff so this at least gather a field
this would normally just need to make an
area bigger I guess we gotta build out
of wood don't we that's what we're gonna
have to build it out all so I am getting
the wood the hardwood well good and then
it's like skully getting to work game
that tree so I'm gonna carry on here
faster I'm going way too fast for my own
good man like I can't even keep up
myself stay good block this will surely
be enough we do weekly getting pretty
good progress here we're doing okay we
could be doing worse god damn it dude
I'm doing this all over the place it's
starting to bring an irritating wooden
planks at me already oh you know what
would have been a good idea just to
probably get some skaters gonna fall off
that Wow
dude seriously that's pretty funny okay
so one two three four five
seven a nine ten so that's that's how
long is going to be much right that
needs to be a nice way to get my
attention on I'm drowning without sky in
my own ass gonna waste all my hunger
swim faster okay we're just really
annoying because uhm like as you're
getting hurt you just go like as you're
getting home like your screen shakes is
just really annoying it's ah ah oh no we
do you haven't placed our bets down but
put down these beds eggs and yeah we're
almost there up that's pretty fast this
looks alright this is lovely
you know there's our shelter I go this
is lovely with finish of course we are
anyway as soon as we have pretty much
finished I'm gonna end this video here
and thank you very much for watching and
I'll see you later
quick get in bad guys don't get you